Create release notes for v1.0.0-preview.7 (#191)
KinsonDigital/Velaptor: Documentation/ReleaseNotes/PreviewReleases/Release-Notes-v1.0.0-preview.7.md

<h1 align="center" style='color:mediumseagreen;font-weight:bold'>Velaptor Preview Release Notes - v1.0.0-preview.7</h1>

<h2 align="center" style='font-weight:bold'>Quick Reminder</h2>

> As with all software, including releases, there is always a chance for issues and bugs.  It is also common to miss changes in the release notes when there are many.  This is even more common in preview releases.

Reviewer: Put periods on the end of all sentences. 😘

Author: 😚

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">New 🎉</h2>

> 1. Add ability to render rectangles to the scene with the various attributes below  

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. Add ability to render rectangles to the scene with the various attributes below:  
```

   GitHub Issues: [#75](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/75)
   - Solid/filled rectangles
   - Empty rectangles
   - Ability to change the fill color of a filled rectangle
   - Ability to change the border color of an empty rectangle
   - Ability to have a horizontal color gradient with a start and end color
     - This can be applied to filled and empty rectangles
   - Ability to have a vertical color gradient with a start and end color
     - This can be applied to filled and empty rectangles
   - Ability to change the border thickness of an empty rectangle
   - Ability to set radius of each corner independently
     - This can be applied to filled and empty rectangles

> 2. Loading sounds can not be cached to greatly improve sound loading performance.  

Reviewer: Spelling
```suggestion
2. Loading sounds cannot be cached to greatly improve sound loading performance.  
```

   GitHub Issues: [#131](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/131)
3. Loading sounds can now be loaded via a fully qualified file path.  This means you do not have to only load sounds from the content system!!  
   GitHub Issues: [#128](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/128)

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Breaking Changes 💣</h2>

> 1. The class `SystemMonitor` constructor used to require an `IPlatform` type argument but not does not and has no arguments.  

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. The class `SystemMonitor` constructor no longer requires an `IPlatform` type argument and has no arguments.  
```

Author: Upon thinking about this one, i think that it is better like this.

Thoughts?

```suggestion
1. The class `SystemMonitor` constructor no longer requires an `IPlatform` type argument.
```

   GitHub Issues: [#153](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/153)

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Improvements 🌟</h2>

> 1. Upgraded all projects in solution to use C# language version **_v10_**  

Reviewer: Do you need to name the solution? 
Do you need to write out "version?" you already have v10. Seems redundant.

Author: It does not matter to me.  I see what your saying here.
It is common to prefix a version with the letter `v` and can be interpreted by people as `version`.  I can remove it.  😀

   GitHub Issues: [#97](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/97), [#184](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/184)

> 2. Upgraded all projects in solution to use **_NET 6.0_**  

Reviewer: Does the solution need to be named?
Should this be .Net 6.0?

Author: It is common to use .NET with all caps.
The solution does not need to be named.  There is only one solution and 90% of the time, projects only have one solution even though you can have more.

   GitHub Issues: [#97](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/97), [#184](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/184)

> 1. Improved constructor argument null checks by implementing a guarding patterns  

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. Improved constructor argument null checks by implementing a guarding pattern  
```

   GitHub Issues: [#153](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/153)

>    - This also resulted in null checks that were not being performed previously

Reviewer: SS
```suggestion
   - This resulted in null checks that were not being performed previously
```

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Other 👏</h2>

> 1. Improvements to PR templates such as the code review checklist, grammar, and other misc. items.  This was done on all pull request templates.  

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
1. Improvements to PR templates such as the code review checklist, grammar, and other miscellaneous items.  This was done on all pull request templates.  
```

   GitHub Issues: [#150](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/150), [#158](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/158)
2. Simple graphical fix with light and dark mode versions of the branching diagram.  
   GitHub Issues: [#159](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/159)

> 3. Add a **_BACKERS.md_** file to the root of the solution to hold a list of any backers that  

Reviewer: Grammar
```suggestion
3. Added a **_BACKERS.md_** file to the root of the solution to hold a list of any backers that  
```
Incomplete sentence.  "Any backers that...."

   - Ability to change the border thickness of an empty rectangle
   - Ability to set radius of each corner independently
     - This can be applied to filled and empty rectangles
2. Loading sounds cannot be cached to greatly improve sound loading performance.  
   GitHub Issues: [#131](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/131)

> 3. Loading sounds can now be loaded via a fully qualified file path.  This means you do not have to only load sounds from the content system!!.  

Reviewer: Remove period

```suggestion
3. Loading sounds can now be loaded via a fully qualified file path.  This means you do not have to only load sounds from the content system!!
```

   GitHub Issues: [#128](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/128)

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Breaking Changes 💣</h2>

1. The class `SystemMonitor` constructor no longer requires an `IPlatform` type argument.  
   GitHub Issues: [#153](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/153)

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Improvements 🌟</h2>

1. Upgraded all projects in the solution to use C# language **_v10_**  
   GitHub Issues: [#97](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/97), [#184](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/184)

> 2. Upgraded all projects in the solution to use **_NET 6.0_**  

Reviewer: Make sure there's a period before NET
```suggestion
2. Upgraded all projects in the solution to use **_.NET 6.0_**  
```

   GitHub Issues: [#97](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/97), [#184](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/184)
1. Improved constructor argument null checks by implementing a guarding pattern.  
   GitHub Issues: [#153](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/153)

>    - This resulted in null checks that were not being performed previously

Reviewer: Add period at end of sentence
```suggestion
   - This resulted in null checks that were not being performed previously.
```

---

<h2 style="font-weight:bold" align="center">Other 👏</h2>

1. Improvements to PR templates such as the code review checklist, grammar, and other miscellaneous items.  This was done on all pull request templates.  
   GitHub Issues: [#150](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/150), [#158](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/158)
2. Simple graphical fix with light and dark mode versions of the branching diagram.  
   GitHub Issues: [#159](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/Velaptor/issues/159)

> 3. Added a **_BACKERS.md_** file to the root of the solution to hold a list of any backers that sponsor projects  

Reviewer: Add period to end of sentence
```suggestion
3. Added a **_BACKERS.md_** file to the root of the solution to hold a list of any backers that sponsor projects.
```
